DataGrid: update comparison information (T890180) (#5112)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/3 Methods/navigateToRow(key).md

- [Scrolling mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/scrolling/mode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/scrolling/#mode') should not be *"infinite"*.

> If you enable the [remoteOperations](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/) property, the DataGrid generates additional requests with comparison operators (for example, `<` and `>`) to calculate the page number, where a row with a focused key is located. This logic does not work if ODataStore is bound to a table with GUID keys. You need to set the [autoNavigateToFocusedRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#autoNavigateToFocusedRow) property to **false** or disable the **remoteOperations** property for proper operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable the [remoteOperations](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/) property, the DataGrid generates additional requests with comparison operators (for example, `<` and `>`) to calculate the page number where a row with a focused key is located. This logic does not work if ODataStore is bound to a table with GUID keys. You need to set the [autoNavigateToFocusedRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#autoNavigateToFocusedRow) property to **false** or disable the **remoteOperations** property to ensure it operates correctly.
```
